bpo-18049: Sync thread stack size to main thread size on macOS (#14748)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/macOS/2019-07-13-15-58-18.bpo-18049.MklhQQ.rst

> Increase stack size of threads to 16MB on macOS, to match the stack size of

Reviewer: Would you mind to mention the old value, 5 MiB?

You may specify that it's the *default* size: it can be overriden by _thread.stack_size(size).

> Increase the default stack size of threads from 5MB to 16MB on macOS, to

Reviewer: nitpick:

```suggestion
Increase the default stack size of threads from 5 MiB to 16 MiB on macOS, to
```

Author: Is MiB something we use elsewhere? 

I'm probably old, but don't particularly like the MiB vs. MB distinction as it is often clear from the context what's meant.
